#summary This Page has general overview about Mind Map and related technologies

= Mind Map =

Mind maps are diagrams used to represent ideas, tasks, relationships and other similar items in a simpler and effective manner. A mind map is somewhat similar to concept map, however unlike in a concept map where each node has a description a mind map has a single word (idea) in a node. Relevant to this idea various attachments can be made to this node. In a hand drawn mind map this will be basically a picture but in mind map generated in computer this can be any sort of a file, link, note etc. 
With contrast to other traditional note taking methods mind maps proves to use 99% of the brain which does not get used in traditional methods. And also since it basically contains a tree structure this can be used for problem solving, search algorithms, various design tasks and other sorts of data representation methods where a large system needs to be visualized efficiently.


= Color Scheme =

==Types of Objects in a Mind Map==
 # Main idea – The topic of the mind map.
 # Main topics – The main categories of the mind map. These are the most adjacent level of main idea.
 # Sub topics – Objects which are connected to the main topics and subtopics (recursively).
 
Apart from those objects, following elements are also required to complete the mind map.
 # Connectors – To connect objects each other.
 # Call-outs – For comments etc. (Optional).
Color Scheme

===Main Idea===

            	Since there is only one main idea for a mind map there is a specific color can be used. This color should be able to attract the users to it than to other object colors.
===Main Topics===

            	There are several major categories in a mind map. Each of these has to have different colors in order to identify each of them as a different category object. And one other important thing is that the colors which are used for the main topic should not be attractive as the main idea.
===Sub Topics===

            	Subtopics of each main topic should have the same color in order to make it easier analyzing the mind map. Each of these subtopics will have its own subtopics. Therefore each subtopic of a subtopic should have the same color.
===Connections===

            	Changing the color of each connector doesn’t make any sense. Therefore the best thing is to have the same color for all of the connectors and this color should be different from all other colors in mind map.
===Call-outs (Optional)===

            	If the application can contain some call-outs to state the comments and other important data, they all should have the same color and that color should be different from all the colors which are used in the mind map. This color should not make the text inside it hard to read.